Select the correct set of options. These are the initial settings for the default security group:
A Allow no inbound traffic, Allow all outbound traffic and Allow instances associated with this security group to talk to each other
B Allow all inbound traffic, Allow no outbound traffic and Allow instances associated with this security group to talk to each other
C Allow no inbound traffic, Allow all outbound traffic and Does NOT allow instances associated with this security group to talk to each other
D Allow all inbound traffic, Allow all outbound traffic and Does NOT allow instances associated with this security group to talk to each other

What does Amazon Route53 provide?
A A global Content Delivery Network.
B None of these.
C A scalable Domain Name System.
D An SSH endpoint for Amazon EC2.

What does Amazon ElastiCache provide?
A A service by this name doesn't exist. Perhaps you mean Amazon CloudCache.
B A virtual server with a huge amount of memory.
C A managed In-memory cache service.
D An Amazon EC2 instance with the Memcached software already pre-installed.

How many Elastic IP by default in Amazon Account?
A 1 Elastic IP
B 3 Elastic IP
C 5 Elastic IP
D 0 Elastic IP

What is a Security Group?
A None of these.
B A list of users that can access Amazon EC2 instances.
C An Access Control List (ACL) for AWS resources.
D A firewall for inbound traffic, built-in around every Amazon EC2 instance.

The one-time payment for Reserved Instances is _____ refundable if the reservation is cancelled.
A always
B in some circumstances
C never

Please select the Amazon EC2 resource which can be tagged.
A key pairs
B Elastic IP addresses
C placement groups
D Amazon EBS snapshots

What is Amazon Glacier?
A It's a security tool that allows to "freeze" an EC2 instance and perform computer forensics on it.
B A security tool that allows to "freeze" an EBS volume and perform computer forensics on it.
C A low-cost storage service that provides secure and durable storage for data archiving and backup.
D You mean Amazon "Iceberg": it's a low-cost storage service.

If an Amazon EBS volume is the root device of an instance, can I detach it without stopping the instance?
A Yes but only if Windows instance
B No
C Yes
D Yes but only if a Linux instance

If you are using Amazon RDS Provisioned IOPS storage with MySQL and Oracle database engines, you can scale the throughput of your database Instance by specifying the IOPS rate from _____ .
A 1,000 to 1,00,000
B 100 to 1,000
C 10,000 to 1,00,000
D 1,000 to 10,000

Every user you create in the IAM system starts with ______.
A full permissions
B no permissions
C partial permissions

After an Amazon VPC instance is launched, can I change the VPC security groups it belongs to?
A Only if the tag "VPC_Change_Group" is true
B Yes. You can.
C No. You cannot.
D Only if the tag "VPC Change Group" is true

A______- is an individual, system, or application that interacts with AWS programmatically.
A user
B AWS Account
C Group
D Role

Select the correct statement:
A You don't need not specify the resource identifier while stopping a resource
B You can terminate, stop, or delete a resource based solely on its tags
C You can't terminate, stop, or delete a resource based solely on its tags
D You don't need to specify the resource identifier while terminating a resource

Amazon EC2 has no Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) because you can't specify a particular Amazon EC2 resource in an IAM policy. True or False?
A TRUE
B FALSE

Can I initiate a "forced failover" for my MySQL Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment?
A Only in certain regions
B Only in VPC
C Yes
D No

A group can contain many users. Can a user belong to multiple groups?
A Yes always
B No
C Yes but only if they are using two factor authentication
D Yes but only in VPC

Is the encryption of connections between my application and my DB Instance using SSL for the MySQL server engines available?
A Yes
B Only in VPC
C Only in certain regions
D No

Which AWS instance address has the following characteristics? :"If you stop an instance, its Elastic IP address is unmapped, and you must remap it when you restart the instance."
A Both A and B
B None of these
C VPC Addresses
D EC2 Addresses

True or False: Common points of failures like generators and cooling equipment are shared across Availability Zones.
A TRUE
B FALSE

Please select the most correct answer regarding the persistence of the Amazon Instance Store
A The data on an instance store volume persists only during the life of the associated Amazon EC2 instance
B The data on an instance store volume is lost when the security group rule of the associated instance is changed.
C The data on an instance store volume persists even after associated Amazon EC2 instance is deleted

Multi-AZ deployment _____ supported for Microsoft SQL Server DB Instances.
A is not currently
B is as of 2013
C is planned to be in 2014
D will never be

Security groups act like a firewall at the instance level, whereas _____ are an additional layer of security that act at the subnet level.
A DB Security Groups
B VPC Security Groups
C network ACLs

Does AWS allow for the use of Multi Factor Authentication tokens?
A Yes, with both hardware or virtual MFA devices.
B Yes, but it offers only virtual MFA devices.
C Yes, but it offers only physical (hardware) MFA devices.
D No.

What does Amazon SWF stand for?
A Simple Wireless Forms
B Simple Web Form
C Simple Work Flow
D Simple Web Flow

What does Amazon Elastic Beanstalk provide?
A An application container on top of Amazon Web Services.
B A scalable storage appliance on top of Amazon Web Services.
C A scalable cluster of EC2 instances.
D A service by this name doesn't exist.

Is the SQL Server Audit feature supported in the Amazon RDS SQL Server engine?
A No
B Yes

Are you able to integrate a multi-factor token service with the AWS Platform?
A Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.
B No, you cannot integrate multi-factor token devices with the AWS platform.
C Yes, you can integrate private multi-factor token devices to authenticate users to the AWS platform.

My Read Replica appears "stuck" after a Multi-AZ failover and is unable to obtain or apply updates from the source DB Instance. What do I do?
A You will need to delete the Read Replica and create a new one to replace it.
B You will need to disassociate the DB Engine and re associate it.
C The instance should be deployed to Single AZ and then moved to Multi- AZ once again
D You will need to delete the DB Instance and create a new one to replace it.

Which DNS name can only be resolved within Amazon EC2?
A Internal DNS name
B External DNS name
C Global DNS name
D Private DNS name

If your DB instance runs out of storage space or file system resources, its status will change to_____ and your DB Instance will no longer be available.
A storage-overflow
B storage-full
C storage-exceed
D storage-overage

Is it possible to access your EBS snapshots?
A Yes, through the Amazon S3 APIs.
B Yes, through the Amazon EC2 APIs.
C No, EBS snapshots cannot be accessed; they can only be used to create a new EBS volume.
D EBS doesn't provide snapshots.

Will my standby RDS instance be in the same Availability Zone as my primary?
A Only for Oracle RDS types
B Only if configured at launch
C Yes
D No

Does Amazon RDS for SQL Server currently support importing data into the msdb database?
A No
B Yes

Does Route 53 support MX Records?
A Yes.
B It supports CNAME records, but not MX records.
C No
D Only Primary MX records. Secondary MX records are not supported.

Because of the extensibility limitations of striped storage attached to Windows Server, Amazon RDS does not currently support increasing storage on a _____ DB Instance.
A SQL Server--
B MySQL
C Oracle

How can I change the security group membership for interfaces owned by other AWS, such as Elastic Load Balancing?
A using all these methods
B By using the service specific console or API\CLI commands
C None of these

True or False: When you perform a restore operation to a point in time or from a DB Snapshot, a new DB Instance is created with a new endpoint.
A FALSE
B TRUE

Which Amazon storage do you think is the best for my database-style applications that frequently encounter many random reads and writes across the dataset.
A None of these.
B Amazon Instance Storage
C Any of these
D Amazon EBS

In a management network scenario the which interface on the instance handles public-facing traffic?
A Primary network interface
B Subnet interface
C Secondary network interface

Select the correct set of steps for exposing the snapshot only to specific AWS accounts
A Select public for all the accounts and check mark those accounts with whom you want to expose the snapshots and click save.
B SelectPrivate, enter the IDs of those AWS accounts, and clickSave
C SelectPublic, enter the IDs of those AWS accounts, and clickSave.
D SelectPublic, mark the IDs of those AWS accounts as private, and clickSave.

Is decreasing the storage size of a DB Instance permitted?
A Depends on the RDMS used
B Yes
C No

When should I choose Provisioned IOPS over Standard RDS storage?
A If you use production online transaction processing (OLTP) workloads.
B If you have batch-oriented workloads
C If you have workloads that are not sensitive to consistent performance

In the context of MySQL, version numbers are organized as MySQL version = X.Y.Z. What does X denote here??
A release level
B minor version
C version number
D major version

In the 'Detailed' monitoring data available for your Amazon EBS volumes, Provisioned IOPS volumes automatically send _____ minute metrics to Amazon CloudWatch.
A 5
B 2
C 1
D 3

It is advised that you watch the Amazon CloudWatch "_____" metric (available via the AWS Management Console or Amazon Cloud Watch APIs) carefully and recreate the Read Replica should it fall behind due to replication errors.
A Write Lag
B Read Replica
C Replica Lag
D Single Replica

Can the string value of 'Key' be prefixed with :aws:"?
A No
B Only for EC2 not S3
C Yes
D Only for S3 not EC2

By default what are ENIs that are automatically created and attached to instances using the EC2 console set to do when the attached instance terminates?
A Remain as is
B Terminate
C Hibernate
D Pause

Are you able to integrate a multi-factor token service with the AWS Platform?
A Yes, you can integrate private multi-factor token devices to authenticate users to the AWS platform.
B No, you cannot integrate multi-factor token devices with the AWS platform.
C Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.

You can use _____ and _____ to help secure the instances in your VPC.
A security groups and multi-factor authentication
B security groups and 2-Factor authentication
C security groups and biometric authentication
D security groups and network ACLs

Fill in the blanks: _____ is a durable, block-level storage volume that you can attach to a single, running Amazon EC2 instance.
A Amazon S3
B Amazon EBS
C None of these.
D All of these

Do the Amazon EBS volumes persist independently from the running life of an Amazon EC2 instance?
A No
B Only if instructed to when created
C Yes

If I want my instance to run on a signle-tenant hardware, which value do I have to set the instance's tenancy attribute to?
A dedicated
B isolated
C one
D reserved

What does Amazon RDS stand for?
A Regional Data Server.
B Relational Database Service.
C Nothing.
D Regional Database Service.

What does the following command do with respect to the Amazon EC2 security groups? ec2-create-group CreateSecurityGroup
A Creates a new rule inside the security group.
B Creates a new security group for use with your account.
C Creates a new group inside the security group.
D Groups the user created security groups in to a new group for easy access.

What is the maximum response time for a Business level Premium Support case?
A 30 minutes
B You always get instant responses (within a few seconds).
C 10 minutes
D 1 hour

What does Amazon ELB stand for?
A Elastic Linux Box.
B Encrypted Linux Box.
C Encrypted Load Balancing.
D Elastic Load Balancing.

What does Amazon CloudFormation provide?
A None of these.
B The ability to setup Autoscaling for Amazon EC2 instances.
C A template to map network resources for Amazon Web Services.
D A template resource creation for Amazon Web Services.

Is there a limit to the number of groups you can have?
A Yes for all users except root
B No
C Yes unless special permission granted
D Yes for all users

Location of Instances are _____
A Regional
B based on Availability Zone
C Global

Is there any way to own a direct connection to Amazon Web Services?
A You can create an encrypted tunnel to VPC, but you don't own the connection.
B Yes, it's called Amazon Dedicated Connection.
C No, AWS only allows access from the public Internet.
D Yes, it's called Direct Connect.

What is the maximum response time for a Business level Premium Support case?
A 30 minutes
B 1 hour
C 12 hours
D 10 minutes

You must assign each server to at least _____ security group
A 4
B 3
C 1
D 2

Does DynamoDB support in-place atomic updates?
A It is not defined
B No
C Yes
D It does support in-place non-atomic updates

Is there a method in the IAM system to allow or deny access to a specific instance?
A Only for VPC based instances
B Yes
C No

What is an isolated database environment running in the cloud (Amazon RDS) called?
A DB Instance
B DB Unit
C DB Server
D DB Volume

What does Amazon SES stand for?
A Simple Elastic Server.
B Simple Email Service.
C Software Email Solution.
D Software Enabled Server.

Amazon S3 doesn't automatically give a user who creates _____ permission to perform other actions on that bucket or object.
A a file
B a bucket or object
C a bucket or file
D a object or file

Can I attach more than one policy to a particular entity?
A Yes always
B Only if within GovCloud
C No
D Only if within VPC

Fill in the blanks: A_____ is a storage device that moves data in sequences of bytes or bits (blocks). Hint: These devices support random access and generally use buffered I/O.
A block map
B storage block
C mapping device
D block device

Can I detach the primary (eth0) network interface when the instance is running or stopped?
A Yes. You can.
B No. You cannot.
C Depends on the state of the interface at the time

What's an ECU?
A Extended Cluster User.
B None of these.
C Elastic Computer Usage.
D Elastic Compute Unit.

What is the charge for the data transfer incurred in replicating data between your primary and standby?
A No charge. It is free.
B Double the standard data transfer charge
C Same as the standard data transfer charge
D Half of the standard data transfer charge

Does AWS Direct Connect allow you access to all Availabilities Zones within a Region?
A Depends on the type of connection
B No
C Yes
D Only when there's just one availability zone in a region. If there are more than one, only one availability zone can be accessed directly.

How many types of block devices does Amazon EC2 support
A 2
B 4
C 3
D 1

What does the "Server Side Encryption" option on Amazon S3 provide?
A It provides an encrypted virtual disk in the Cloud.
B It doesn't exist for Amazon S3, but only for Amazon EC2.
C It encrypts the files that you send to Amazon S3, on the server side.
D It allows to upload files using an SSL endpoint, for a secure transfer.

What does Amazon EBS stand for?
A Elastic Block Storage.
B Elastic Business Server.
C Elastic Blade Server.
D Elastic Block Store.

Within the IAM service a GROUP is regarded as a:
A A collection of AWS accounts
B It's the group of EC2 machines that gain the permissions specified in the GROUP.
C There's no GROUP in IAM, but only USERS and RESOURCES.
D A collection of users.

A_____is the concept of allowing (or disallowing) an entity such as a user, group, or role some type of access to one or more resources.
A user
B AWS Account
C resource
D permission

After an Amazon VPC instance is launched, can I change the VPC security groups it belongs to?
A No. You cannot.
B Yes. You can.
C Only if you are the root user
D Only if the tag "VPC_Change_Group" is true

Do the system resources on the Micro instance meet the recommended configuration for Oracle?
A Yes completely
B Yes but only for certain situations
C Not in any circumstance

Will I be charged if the DB instance is idle?
A No
B Yes
C Only is running in GovCloud
D Only if running in VPC

If I write the below command, what does it do? ec2-run ami-e3a5408a -n 20 -g appserver
A Creates 20 rules in the security group named app server
B Start twenty instances as members of appserver group.
C Start 20 security groups
D Terminate twenty instances as members of appserver group.

Can I move a Reserved Instance from one Region to another?
A No
B Yes
C Only if they are moving into GovCloud
D Only if they are moving to US East from another region

To help you manage your Amazon EC2 instances, images, and other Amazon EC2 resources, you can assign your own metadata to each resource in the form of_____
A special filters
B functions
C tags
D wildcards

Are you able to integrate a multi-factor token service with the AWS Platform?
A No, you cannot integrate multi-factor token devices with the AWS platform.
B Yes, you can integrate private multi-factor token devices to authenticate users to the AWS platform.
C Yes, using the AWS multi-factor token devices to authenticate users on the AWS platform.

True or False: When you add a rule to a DB security group, you do not need to specify port number or protocol.
A Depends on the RDMS used
B TRUE
C FALSE

Is there a limit to the number of groups you can have?
A Yes for all users
B Yes for all users except root
C No
D Yes unless special permission granted

Can I initiate a "forced failover" for my Oracle Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment?
A Yes
B Only in certain regions
C Only in VPC
D No

Amazon EC2 provides a repository of public data sets that can be seamlessly integrated into AWS cloud-based applications.What is the monthly charge for using the public data sets?
A A 1 time charge of 10$ for all the datasets.
B 1$ per dataset per month
C 10$ per month for all the datasets
D There is no charge for using the public data sets

In the Amazon RDS Oracle DB engine, the Database Diagnostic Pack and the Database Tuning Pack are only available with _____
A Oracle Standard Edition
B Oracle Express Edition
C Oracle Enterprise Edition
D None of these

Without _____, you must either create multiple AWS accounts-each with its own billing and subscriptions to AWS products-or your employees must share the security credentials of a single AWS account.
A Amazon RDS
B Amazon Glacier
C Amazon EMR
D Amazon IAM

Amazon RDS supports SOAP only through _____.
A HTTP or HTTPS
B TCP/IP
C HTTP
D HTTPS

The Amazon EC2 web service can be accessed using the _____ web services messaging protocol. This interface is described by a Web Services Description Language (WSDL) document.
A SOAP
B DCOM
C CORBA
D XML-RPC

Is creating a Read Replica of another Read Replica supported?
A Only in VPC
B Yes
C Only in certain regions
D No

What is the charge for the data transfer incurred in replicating data between your primary and standby?
A Same as the standard data transfer charge
B Double the standard data transfer charge
C No charge. It is free
D Half of the standard data transfer charge

HTTP Query-based requests are HTTP requests that use the HTTP verb GET or POST and a Query parameter named_____.
A Action
B Value
C Reset
D Retrieve

What happens to the I/O operations while you take a database snapshot?
A I/O operations to the database are suspended for an hour while the backup is in progress.
B I/O operations to the database are sent to a Replica (if available) for a few minutes while the backup is in progress.
C I/O operations will be functioning normally
D I/O operations to the database are suspended for a few minutes while the backup is in progress.

Amazon RDS creates an SSL certificate and installs the certificate on the DB Instance when Amazon RDS provisions the instance. These certificates are signed by a certificate authority. The _____ is stored athttps://rds.amazonaws.com/doc/rds-ssl-ca-cert.pem.
A private key
B foreign key
C public key
D protected key

_____ embodies the "share-nothing" architecture and essentially involves breaking a large database into several smaller databases. Common ways to split a database include 1)splitting tables that are not joined in the same query onto different hosts or 2)duplicating a table across multiple hosts and then using a hashing algorithm to determine which host receives a given update.
A Sharding
B Failure recovery
C Federation
D DDL operations

What is the name of licensing model in which I can use your existing Oracle Database licenses to run Oracle deployments on Amazon RDS?
A Bring Your Own License
B Role Bases License
C Enterprise License
D License Included

When you resize the Amazon RDS DB instance, Amazon RDS will perform the upgrade during the next maintenance window. If you want the upgrade to be performed now, rather than waiting for the maintenance window, specify the _____ option.
A ApplyNow
B ApplySoon
C ApplyThis
D ApplyImmediately

Does Amazon Route 53 support NS Records?
A Yes, it supports Name Service records.
B No
C It supports only MX records.
D Yes, it supports Name Server records.

The SQL Server _____ feature is an efficient means of copying data from a source database to your DB Instance. It writes the data that you specify to a data file, such as an ASCII file.
A bulk copy
B group copy
C dual copy
D mass copy

In the Amazon cloud watch, which metric should I be checking to ensure that your DB Instance has enough free storage space?
A FreeStorage
B FreeStorageVolume
C FreeStorageSpace
D FreeStorageAllocation

When using consolidated billing there are two account types. What are they?
A Paying account and Linked account
B Parent account and Child account
C Main account and Sub account.
D Main account and Secondary account.

A_____is a document that provides a formal statement of one or more permissions.
A policy
B permission
C Role
D resource

In the Amazon RDS which uses the SQL Server engine, what is the maximum size for a Microsoft SQL Server DB Instance with SQL Server Express edition?
A 10 GB per DB
B 100 GB per DB
C 2 TB per DB
D 1TB per DB

Regarding the attaching of ENI to an instance, what does 'warm attach' refer to?
A Attaching an ENI to an instance when it is stopped.
B This question doesn't make sense.
C Attaching an ENI to an instance when it is running
D Attaching an ENI to an instance during the launch process

If I scale the storage capacity provisioned to my DB Instance by mid of a billing month, how will I be charged?
A you will be charged for the highest storage capacity you have used
B on a proration basis
C you will be charged for the lowest storage capacity you have used

You can modify the backup retention period; valid values are 0 (for no backup retention) to a maximum of _____ days.
A 45
B 35
C 15
D 5

A Provisioned IOPS volume must be at least _____ GB in size
A 1
B 50
C 20
D 10

Will I be alerted when automatic failover occurs?
A Only if SNS configured
B No
C Yes-
D Only if Cloud watch configured
