1. Which are the three primary objectives of security?
a. Integrity
b. Confidentiality
c. Antireplay functionality
d. Authentication
e. Availability
2. Which are the three categories of controls? 
a. Administrative
b. Executive
c. Managerial
d. Technical
e. Physical
6. Which is an efficient way to protect against an integrity attack?
a. Strong authentication
b. Firewall
c. Intrusion prevention system
d. Cryptography
7. Which provides you with a site where only a communication link and electricity are provided?
a. Warm site
b. Cold site
c. Hot site
d. Backup site
8. Which of the following is not part of the technical policies.?
a. End-user policy
b. Acceptable usage policy
c. Email policy
d. VPN access policy
e. Network policy
f. Wireless policy
9. Which are core goals and components of the Cisco Self-Defending Network approach? (choose 4)
a. Threat management
b. Appliance management
c. Endpoint security
d. Return on security investment
e. Policy-based management
f. Network security
10. Which layer of the OSI model is the current greatest target of security exploits?
a. Application
b. Session
c. Transport
d. Network
e. Data link
f. Physical
11. Which of the following statements is false regarding security issues of custom applications?
a. Companies have many, perhaps hundreds, of different web applications or local databases.
b. Employees and contractors may have written the code without security in mind.
c. There are no signatures for those customized applications.
d. There are no patches for those customized applications.
e. These applications are often dynamic and complex.
f. Hackers cannot exploit vulnerabilities in customized software because the application is resident on the inside network.
12. From the following items, which does a designer not need to care about when designing network security?
a. The threats that could compromise security
b. The impact on hackers of introducing a new security policy
c. The associated risk of the threats
d. How relevant those threats are for a particular system
e. The cost to implement the proper security countermeasures for a threat
f. A cost versus benefit analysis to determine whether it is worthwhile to implement a security countermeasure
13. What do you call an attack in which the attacker sends a continuous stream of packets from different sources toward the same destination?
a. Denial-of-service attack
b. Classification attack
c. Distributed denial-of-service attack
d. Ping of death
e. Smurf attack
15. Which of the following is not a criteria on used to classify data?
a. Value
b. Age
c. Useful life
d. Copyright
e. Personal association
17. Which of the following is a technical control?
a. Network Admission Control system
b. Security policies and standards
c. Security audits
d. Security awareness training
e. Change and configuration management
18. Which of the following is not a characteristic of defense in depth?
a. Security mechanisms back each other up.
b. Security mechanisms do not depend on each other.
c. Does not require IDS or IPS.
d. The weakest links can be augmented so that single points of failure can be eliminated.
19. Match the specific man-in-the-middle attack with its specific characteristic.
a. Nonblind attack = Network packet sniffer required 
b. Blind attack = Relies on routing and transport protocols to compromise target
22. Which of the following defines the steps that are taken when an outage occurs?
a. Business continuity planning
b. Disaster recovery planning
c. Service level agreement
d. Acceptable usage policy
23. Which of the following security concepts limits a user s rights to the lowest possible level needed to perform his tasks?
a. Need to know
b. Least privilege
c. Universal participation
d. Diversity of defense
24. Which of the following might not be a benefit of Cisco Self-Defending Networks?
a. Reduces initial acquisition costs
b. Reduces integration costs
c. Allows proactive and planned upgrades
d. Improves efficiency of security management
25. Which are the three elements of threat control and containment?
a. Threat control for endpoints
b. Threat control for infrastructure
c. Threat control for email
d. Threat control for applications
1. What are the three areas of router security?
a. Physical security
b. Authentication server hardening
c. Operating system
d. Router hardening
2. Which of the following is the first step to secure Cisco router administrative access?
a. Configure a AAA server
b. Configure SDM access
c. Configure secure system passwords
d. Configure local database authentication
3. Which two statements are true about passwords?
a. The console port does not require a password for console administrative access.
b. Passwords can not include symbols and spaces.
c. You can use either the enable password or the enable secret password to enter the enable mode when both are configured on a router.
d. The enable secret password is always hashed inside the router configuration using a MD5 hashing algorithm.
4. How do you interpret the following console port command: exec-timeout 3 30?
a. The connection closes after 3 minutes of inactivity and 30 minutes of absolute connectivity.
b. The connection closes after 3 minutes and 30 seconds of inactivity.
c. The connection closes after 3 hours of absolute connectivity and after 30 minutes of inactivity.
d. The connection closes after 3 hours and 30 minutes of inactivity.
5. What is the purpose of the 5 in the following command: username Admin secret 5 $1$feb0$a104Qd9UZ./Ak00KTggPD0?
a. The encrypted password will be converted to cleartext in the running-configuration using MD5.
b. The user Admin has privilege level 5 in this router.
c. The user Admin has 5 attempts to log in this router.
d. The encrypted-secret password was hashed with MD5.
6. What is the purpose of the command parser view?
a. It creates different views of router configuration for different users.
b. It provides a root view of all commands.
c. It configures a password for a view.
d. It is used to enter commands accessible for that view.
7. Which command would you use to enable Cisco IOS resilience?
a. secure boot-ios
b. secure boot-config
c. secure boot-image
d. secure boot-flash
8. Which of the following is not a file required in flash if you want to run Cisco SDM from that router? a. sdm.tar
b. common.tar c. home.html d. home.tar
9. Cisco SDM automatically synchronizes with the router configuration after a change?
a. True
b. False
10. Which SDM task would you use to configure One-Step Lockdown?
a. Firewall and ACL
b. Security Audit
c. Intrusion prevention
d. Additional tasks
11. What command is used to enable AAA on a router?
a. aaa enable
b. aaa authentication new-model
c. aaa tacacs+
d. aaa new-model
12. Which of the following is not supported by Cisco Secure ACS?
a. StreetTalk Directory Services
b. Novell Directory Services
c. One-time passwords
d. ODBC databases
13. Which portion of a RADIUS packet is sent in cleartext?
a. All portions
b. All portions except for the password
c. All portions except for the CHAP password
d. All portions except for the username
14. RADIUS is scheduled to be replaced by: 
a. PERIMETER
b. CIRCUMFERENCE 
c. DIAMETER
d. PI
15. What is meant by “out-of-band” management?
a. The management traffic is sent through a control channel similar to the D channel in ISDN.
b. The management traffic flows within a network on which no production traffic resides.
c. The management traffic flows across the enterprise production network.
d. The management traffic hogs most of the usable bandwidth.
16. What is the main advantage of Cisco Security MARS over a standard syslog server?
a. Selective repository for syslog messages
b. Limitless storage capacity
c. Multipurpose response capabilities
d. Central repository and analysis of syslog messages
17. Which is an advantage of using SSH rather than Telnet to establish a management connection to a router?
a. SSH is faster.
b. SSH uses less bandwidth.
c. SSH provides an encrypted connection.
d. SSH is readily available on all Cisco IOS routers.
18. Which of the following protocols is automatically enabled once RSA keys have been generated?
a. Telnet 
b. SDM 
c. SSH
d. HTTPS
19. What is the minimum recommended key length for RSA key pairs?
a. Modulus 1024
b. Modulus 512
c. 56-bit encryption
d. 128-bit encryption
20. What is the purpose of the crypto key zeroize rsa command?
a. To generate a new key pair
b. To establish the fully qualified domain name (FQDN)
c. To accept incoming connection on CON 0 and VTY 0
d. To override existing key pairs
1. Which of the following is not a firewall?
a. Static packet filters
b. URL filters
c. Application layer gateways
d. Proxy servers
2. Which of the following is not a limitation or an issue for a stateful firewall?
a. Stateful firewalls cannot prevent application layer attacks.
b. Stateful firewalls can provide only limited support to protocols that are not stateful.
c. Some applications open multiple connections and therefore are incompatible with some Stateful firewalls.
d. Stateful firewall cannot provide a defense against spoofing attacks.
4. Which threats cannot be mitigated using ACLs?
a. Malicious payloads
b. DoS TCP SYN attacks
c. ICMP message filtering
d. IP address spoofing
5. Cisco routers are certified by which of the following? Select all that apply.
a. FIPS 140
b. NITS
c. CMVP
d. Common Criteria
6. Select the ACL numbers for a standard access list.
a. 100–199 
b. 1–99
c. 1300–1999 
d. 0–99
7. Which wildcard mask would match for IP subnets 172.30.16.0/24 to 172.30.31.0/24? 
a. 0.0.31.255
b. 0.0.0.255
c. 0.0.255.255
d. 0.0.15.255
8. Which of the following is not an action of zone-based policy firewalls?
a. Drop 
b. Reset 
c. Pass
d. Inspect
10. When using zone-based policy, for traffic to flow among all the interfaces in a router, all of the interfaces must be which of the following?
a. Configured with the SDM Wizard
b. A member of a security zone
c. Placed in a virtual template
d. A member of a dialer interface
11. What is the role of class maps?
a. They group interfaces to which security policies will be applied.
b. They allow to specify a unidirectional firewall policy between two security zones.
c. They specify the actions to be taken when traffic matches the criteria.
d. They identify traffic and traffic parameters that a Cisco IOS zone-based policy firewall selects for policy application.
12. Finish the sentence with the most accurate statement. CBAC...
a. Performs traffic filtering based on application level protocol information
b. Uses only ACLs to control traffic
c. Is configured with the Cisco Common Classification Policy Language (C3PL)
d. Uses a hierarchical structure to define inspection for network protocols
13. Which of the following is an accurate access list to allow outbound traffic of guests accessing to their incoming mail server?
a. access-list 101 permit tcp any any eq 25
b. access-list 101 permit tcp any eq 25 any
c. access-list 101 permit tcp any eq 110 any
d. access-list 101 permit tcp any any eq 110
14. Which of the following is not a caveat regarding ACLs?
a. You need to use extended ACLs to implement security policies.
b. Beware of the implicit deny all at the bottom of ACLs.
c. Place more specific statements higher in ACLs.
d. Ensure that statements at the top of ACLs do not negate statements found lower in the list.
1. Asymmetric encryption utilizes which of the following?
a. A complex solution to leverage certificate
b. Key pairs to accomplish encryption
c. All types of authentication as long as they support PKI procedures
d. A central authority that signs public keys in a network
2. Select all the desirable features of an encryption algorithm.
a. Resistance to known cryptanalytic attack
b. Short lengths and scalability of the key for easy storage
c. No export or import restrictions
d. Susceptible to the “avalanche effect”; a small change in plaintext causes substantial changes in ciphertext
3. Select all the asymmetrical algorithms.
a. ElGamal
b. DH
c. Elliptic curve
d. RC4
e. IDEA
4. Which of the following does not apply to cryptographic hashes?
a. They are based on one-way functions.
b. They are used for integrity assurance.
c. They hash arbitrary data into fixed-length digest known as a fingerprint.
d. It is feasible for an attacker to have two different sets of data that would come up with the same fingerprint.
5. DES operates in which two block cipher modes?
a. ECB
b. CFB
c. CBC
d. OFB
6. Which algorithm is used in AES? 
a. Twofish
b. RC6
c. RC4
d. Rijndael
7. Which of the following statements regarding public-key authentication is true?
a. When the private key is used to encrypt, the corresponding public key is used to decrypt.
b. Because the public key is present on only one system, authentication is assured when its private key decrypts the message.
c. Great effort is made to maintain the secrecy of the public keys.
d. Public-key scenario is used for producing fingerprint.
8. Which set of algorithms provides the most secure communication?
a. AES, SHA-1
b. 3DES, SHA-1
c. 3DES, MD5
d. AES, MD5
9. Which of the following statements best describe a digital signature?
a. A digital signature is a message digest encrypted with the sender’s public key.
b. A digital signature is a message digest encrypted with the receiver’s public key.
c. A digital signature is a message digest encrypted with the sender’s private key.
d. A digital signature is a message digest encrypted with the receiver’s public key.
10. Complete the sentence with the best statement: The Vigenère cipher is _______.
a. A polyalphabetic cipher
b. A polymorphic cipher
c. A polybius square cipher
d. An alphabetum cipher
11. Which protocol encrypts at the session layer of the OSI model?
a. IPsec 
b. Enigma 
c. SSL
d. MD5
12. Which statement is most accurate when describing aspects of a birthday attack?
a. An attacker tries every possible key with the decryption algorithm.
b. The attacker has the ciphertext of several messages, all of which have been encrypted using the same encryption algorithm.
c. If some function, when supplied with a random input, returns one of k equally likely values, then by repeating the function with different inputs, the same output would be expected after 1.2k1/2 number of times.
d. The attacker knows a portion of the plaintext and the corresponding ciphertext.
13. Which statement best describes MD5?
a. MD5 is a one-way function that makes it difficult to compute a hash from the given input data, but makes it feasible to compute input data given only a hash.
b. MD5 is a one-way function that makes it easy to compute a hash from the given output data, but makes it unfeasible to compute input data given only a hash.
c. MD5 is a one-way function that makes it difficult to compute a hash from the given output data, but makes it feasible to compute input data given only a hash.
d. MD5 is a one-way function that makes it easy to compute a hash from the given input data, but makes it unfeasible to compute input data given only a hash.
1. Which two modes of SSL VPN are currently available with Cisco IOS?
a. IPS
b. Citrix
c. Clientless
d. Thin client
2. Which of the following is not a security function provided by IPsec?
a. Confidentiality
b. Key management
c. Antireplay
d. Authentication
e. Integrity
3. Which of the following are peer-authentication methods with IPsec?
a. PSK
b. RSA signatures
c. RSA encrypted nonces
d. HMAC-SHA1
e. HMAC-MD5
4. Which three modes are used by IKE to secure communications?
a. Simple mode
b. Basic mode
c. Advanced mode
d. Quick mode
e. Aggressive mode
f. Main mode
5. Which command is better suited to show that traffic is flowing through the VPN tunnel?
a. show crypto map
b. show crypto ipsec transform-set
c. show crypto isakmp policy
d. show crypto ipsec sa
6. Which command would help troubleshoot a Phase I issue?
a. debug crypto sa
b. debug crypto phase 1
c. debug crypto isakmp
d. show crypto sa
7. Which command would be the most helpful to compare the configuration of peer, ACL, SA lifetime and transform sets?
a. debug crypto sa
b. show crypto isakmp sa
c. show crypto map sa
d. show crypto map
8. Which of the following is not part of a cryto map configuration?
a. Peer
b. Diffie-Hellman group
c. Transform set
d. Lifetime
10. Which statement is true regarding how ESP and AH segments are encapsulated in IP packets?
a. In transport mode, security is provided only for the transport layer and below.
b. In tunnel mode, security is provided for the complete original IP packet.
c. In tunnel mode, security is provided only for the transport layer and above.
d. In transport mode, security is provided for the entire IP packet.
1. Which two modes of IPS operations are currently available with Cisco IDS and IPS solutions? Select all that apply.
a. Out-of-band b. Promiscuous c. Multicasting d. Inline
2. Which device cannot be an IDS or IPS sensor?
a. A Cisco router configured with IPS software
b. A Cisco VPN concentrator configured with IPS software
c. An appliance specifically designed to provide dedicated IDS or IPS services
d. A IDS/IPS network module installed in a Cisco ASA or in a switch or in a router
3. Which general patterns of misuse do IDS and IPS technologies look for? (Choose all that apply.)
a. Atomic pattern
b. Molecular pattern
c. Intrusive nonces
d. Composite pattern
e. Composition pattern
4. Which of the following is not a type of IDS or IPS sensor?
a. Signature based
b. Policy based
c. Transgression based
d. Anomaly based
e. Honeypot based
5. What are signature engines?
a. A set of rules that an IDS and an IPS use to detect typical intrusive activity
b. A full-feature intrusion prevention located in the core network fabric device
c. An internal security service module that provides dedicated CPU and memory to offload intrusion prevention processing.
d. A component of an IDS and IPS sensor that supports a group of signatures that are in a common category
7. Which of the following are advantages of a network-based IPS?
a. Cost-effective
b. Provides application-level encryption protection
c. Is host specific
d. Analyzes lower-level network events
e. Not visible on the network
8. Which IPS card could integrate into a Cisco 1841?
a. Cisco IDSM-2
b. Cisco ASA AIP SSM
c. Cisco IPS AIM
d. Cisco IPS 4200 series sensor
9. What is an IPS signature?
a. A message digest encrypted with the sender’s private key
b. A set of rules used to detect typical intrusive activity
c. A binary pattern specific to a virus
d. An appliance that provides anti-x services
10. Compiling a regular expression found in a signature requires more memory than the final storage of the regular expression. True or False?
a. True 
b. False
1. A buffer overflow exploit tries to do which of the following?
a. Extract data from vulnerable host
b. Overwrite memory on the stack of an application
c. Disguise itself as a worm
d. React as a Trojan horse
2. IronPort products provide protection against what? (Choose the three best answers.)
a. Buffer overflows
b. Spam
c. Malware
d. Sniffing
e. Privilege escalation
f. Spyware
3. Which of the following are Cisco NAC Appliance characteristics? (Choose two.)
a. Software module embedded with NAC-enabled products
b. Self-contained solution
c. In-band solution that can be used on any Cisco switch or router
d. Integrated framework leveraging multiple vendor products
4. Define logical unit number (LUN).
a. A worldwide name 64-bit address that Fibre Channel networks use to uniquely identify each element in a Fibre Channel network
b. A collection of ports from a set of connected Fibre channel switches
c. An address for an individual disk drive and, by extension, the disk device itself
d. An I/O adapter that sits between the bus of the host computer and the Fibre Channel loop
5. Factors motivating the installation of a VoIP infrastructure include which of the following? (Choose three.)
a. Cost savings
b. Simplicity
c. Flexibility
d. Advanced features
e. Carefree maintenance
6. Which of the following is not a valid statement regarding assigning voice traffic to specific VLANs?
a. To logically segment voice and data traffic to increase.
b. To ensure communication privacy and integrity.
c. It is seldom used in the industry.
d. It makes it easier to apply VLAN access list.
7. Which of the following commands should not be used on a trunk port when attempting to protect against VLAN hopping?
a. switchport mode access
b. switchport mode trunk
c. switchport nonegotiate
d. switchport trunk native vlan
8. Which two commands best protects a switched network from a hacker who is trying to preempt an election of the Spanning Tree Protocol?
a. spanning-tree portfast bpduguard
b. spanning-tree portfast default
c. spanning-tree guard root
d. swithport port-security violation
9. Which command limits the number of MAC addresses communicating through the same switch port?
a. switchport mode access
b. switchport port-security maximum
c. switch port-security mac-address sticky
d. switch port-security violation
10. Which feature could be used to facilitate the use of an IDS sensor on a switched network?
a. IronPort
b. Cisco Network Admission Control
c. Switched Port Analyzer
d. Storm control
11. Which best describe the concept of least privilege?
a. Having small, easily verifiable pieces of software
b. An access control concept that refers to a mechanism that mediates all access to object
c. An operating system that provides isolation between processes
d. A process that is never given more privilege than is necessary to perform a job
12. Which two Cisco solutions when combined provide protection of operating system vulnerabilities?
a. Cisco CSA
b. Cisco NAC
c. Cisco ASA
d. Cisco MARS
13. Why should you worry about Layer 2 security?
a. Switches cannot regulate the flow of data between their ports.
b. You don’t have to worry about Layer 2 security because it is lower than the IP layer and that most attacks happen at the network layer.
c. Domino effect.
d. VLANs are a Layer 3 function in a switch, and therefore, as with any other Layer 3 processes, it can be easily hacked.
15. For which reason should IP phones, VoIP gateways, and network management workstations be on their own subnet?
a. Many simple, yet dangerous attacks can be launched if the attacking device resides within the same broadcast domain as the target system.
b. Devices are easier to manage if they are located on their own subnet.
c. It is easier to set SSH access rules in the Cisco security appliances for a distinctive subnet.
d. With separate subnets, VLANs can be used to control the access to the physical network.